JavaScript description (#1545)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/100-javascript-introduction/100-what-is-javascript.md

> # What is javascript
> 
> JavaScript is a text-based programming language used both on the client-side and server-side that allows you to make web pages interactive. Where HTML and CSS are languages that give structure and style to web pages, JavaScript gives web pages interactive elements that engage a user.
> 
> Resources to learn more :<br/>
> [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)<br/>
> [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-javascript-definition-of-js/) <br/>
> [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_js.asp)

Reviewer: Please follow the [instructions listed in this issue](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/issues/985) to add the content. 

```suggestion
# What is JavaScript?

JavaScript, often abbreviated JS, is a programming language that is one of the core technologies of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and CSS. It lets us add interactivity to pages e.g. you might have seen sliders, alerts, click interactions, popups, etc on different websites -- all of that is built using JavaScript. Apart from being used in the browser, it is also used in other non-browser environments as well such as Node.js for writing server-side code in JavaScript, Electron for writing desktop applications, React Native for mobile applications, and so on. 

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='Read' badgeText='yellow' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript'>JavaScript MDN Docs</BadgeLink>=
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/'>W3Schools – JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://javascript.info/'>The Modern JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://exploringjs.com/'>Exploring JS: JavaScript books for programmers</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/hdI2bqOjy3c?t=2'>JavaScript Crash Course for Beginners</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/P7t13SGytRk?t=22'>Build a Netflix Landing Page Clone with HTML, CSS & JS</BadgeLink>

```
